SOFTWARE LICENSE AND SUPPORT AGREEMENT

PLEASE READ THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS SERVICE.
 
BY USING THE SOFTWARE OR CLICKING AGREE CUSTOMER IS AGREEING TO BE BOUND BY
THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU ARE AGREEING TO THIS AGREEMENT ON BEHALF OF OR FOR THE
BENEFIT OF YOUR EMPLOYER OR A THIRD PARTY, THEN YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT
YOU HAVE THE NECESSARY AUTHORITY TO AGREE TO THIS AGREEMENT ON YOUR EMPLOYER'S
OR THAT THIRD PARTY'S BEHALF.

This agreement is between Scalr, Inc. a Delaware corporation (Scalr) and you,
the customer entering into this agreement (Customer). The Scalr software,
updates, documentation and license keys provided to Customer (Software) are
licensed and are not sold.

1.  SCOPE. This agreement describes the licensing of the Software and support
provided to Customer for evaluation licenses and fee licenses under an order
between the parties or purchase order (collectively, Order).

2.  LICENSE. Subject to the other terms of this agreement, Scalr grants
Customer, under an Order, a term non-exclusive, non-transferable license, up
to the number of Endpoints Under Management purchased, to:
 - Use the Software only in Customer’s internal business operations; and
 - Make one copy of the Software for archival and backup purposes.

Requirement: Customer must license the Software for all Endpoints Under
Management.
 - Managed Endpoints means the number of Virtual Machines, Virtual Cloud
   Instances, Cloud Services[1] or Bare Metal Servers[2] managed by the Scalr
   software.
 - Managed Endpoint licenses are for 'concurrent’ Managed Endpoints (not
   'unique’ Managed Endpoints).
 - Concurrent Calculation: The concurrent Managed Endpoints measurement is
   calculated as the 95th percentile of samples taken hourly over the month.

      For example, during a 30 day month, the hourly sampling of concurrent
      Managed Endpoints results in 720 hourly data samples collected, and the
      samples taken during the 36 hours with the highest concurrent Managed
      Endpoint values will be discarded for being in top 5% of samples taken,
      and the highest remaining value is taken and retained.

[1] Cloud Services are broken into two tiers: 
 - First Tier Cloud Services: Support built into Scalr for commonly deployed
   cloud services and licensed as Managed Endpoints.
 - Second Tier Cloud Services: Support available for other, less common cloud
   services via Scalr’s CSG (Cloud Service Gateway)available for Enterprise
   Scalr customers with Premium Support at no charge.

[2] Bare Metal Servers are licensed as Managed Endpoints when supported by
Scalr directly through a Cloud Infrastructure Platform, such as Openstack or 
Cloudstack (where a hypervisor is not installed on the servers).

Usage Reporting.  Upon request, Customer must run a license usage report and
send it to Scalr.

3.  RESTRICTIONS. Customer may not: 

 a. Transfer, assign, sublicense, rent, create derivative works of the
    Software, or use it in any type of service provider environment (unless
    otherwise authorized by Scalr in writing);

 b. Reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, or translate the Software; or
 
 c. Evaluate the Software for the purpose of competing with Scalr.

4.  EVALUATION LICENSES. This Section applies to you if the Software is
licensed to you for evaluation or demonstration purposes. You are permitted to
use the Software for evaluation or demonstration purposes only. The Software
may contain an automatic disabling mechanism. Your right to use the Software
is limited in accordance with the terms under which you received the Software.
The Software is provided AS IS, with no warranty during this time period. If
no period of use is specified, then your right to use the Software shall
terminate thirty (30) days from receipt of the Software, at which time you
must return or destroy the Software unless granted an extension by Scalr in
writing.

5.  PAYMENT. Customer will pay all fees (USD) due within 30 days of the
invoice date, unless otherwise provided on an Order, plus applicable sales,
use and other similar taxes.  All subscription fees are paid annually in
advance.

 a. Taxes. In the event that any withholding, sales or use taxes or other
    taxes or government fees, assessments or charges are payable for any
    license of the Software, or because of any payment by you, then you shall
    pay such taxes, fees, assessments and charges in addition to all other
    payments.

6.  PROPRIETARY RIGHTS AND MUTUAL CONFIDENTIALITY.

 a. Proprietary Rights. The Software, workflow processes, user interface,
    designs, and other technologies provided by Scalr as part of the Software
    are the proprietary property of Scalr and its licensors, and all right,
    title and interest in and to such items, including all associated
    intellectual property rights, remain only with Scalr and its licensors.
    The Software is protected by applicable copyright and other intellectual
    property laws (unless otherwise authorized by Scalr in writing). Customer
    may not remove any product identification, copyright, trademark or other
    notice from the Software. Scalr reserves all rights not expressly granted.

 b. Mutual Confidentiality. Recipient may not disclose Confidential
    Information of Discloser to any third party or use the Confidential
    Information in violation of this agreement.

    Confidential Information means all information that is disclosed to the
    recipient (Recipient) by the discloser (Discloser), and includes, among
    other things:
     - any and all information relating to products or services provided by a
       Discloser, software code, flow charts, techniques, specifications,
       development and marketing plans, strategies, and forecasts;
     - as to Scalr the Software and the terms of this agreement, including
       without limitation, all pricing information.

    Confidential Information excludes information that: 
     - was rightfully in Recipient's possession without any obligation of
       confidentiality before receipt from the Discloser;
     - is or becomes a matter of public knowledge through no fault of
       Recipient;
     - is rightfully received by Recipient from a third party without
       violation of a duty of confidentiality; or
     - is independently developed by or for Recipient without use or access to
       the Confidential Information.

    Recipient may disclose Confidential Information if required by law, but it
    will attempt to provide notice to the Discloser in advance so it may seek
    a protective order. Each party acknowledges that any misuse of the other
    party’s Confidential Information may cause irreparable harm for which
    there is no adequate remedy at law. Either party may seek immediate
    injunctive relief in such event.

7.  WARRANTY, REMEDY and DISCLAIMER. For new license purchases, Scalr warrants
that the Software will perform in substantial accordance with its accompanying
product documentation for a period of 90 days from the date of the order.
This warranty will not apply to any problems caused by software not licensed
to Customer by Scalr, use other than in accordance with the technical
documentation, or misuse of the Software. The warranty only covers problems
reported to Scalr during the warranty period (if Customer does not report the
claim within the warranty period, Customer may report such claims within 30
days after the end of the warranty period).  Customer will cooperate with
Scalr in resolving any warranty claim.

A.  EXCLUSIVE REMEDY AND SOLE LIABILITY. Scalr will use commercially
reasonable efforts to remedy covered warranty claims within a reasonable
period of time or replace the Software, or if Scalr cannot do so it will
refund the license fee paid to Customer. THIS REMEDY IS CUSTOMER’S EXCLUSIVE
REMEDY, AND SCALR’S SOLE LIABILITY FOR THESE WARRANTY CLAIMS.

B.  DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES. SCALR DISCLAIMS ALL OTHER EXPRESS AND IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE IMPLIED WARRANTY OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  CUSTOMER UNDERSTANDS
THAT THE SOFTWARE MAY NOT BE ERROR FREE, AND USE MAY BE INTERRUPTED.

8.  TERMINATION.

 a. Order Renewals. Each Order auto renews for the same duration as the
    original 1 or 3-year subscription term under the applicable Order, unless
    either party provides the other party with at least 60 days’ advance
    written notice of termination, prior to the renewal date.

 b. Agreement Term. This agreement expires at the end of the license period
    specified in the accompanying Order.

 c. Termination. Either party may terminate this agreement upon a material
    breach of the other party after a 30 days notice/cure period, if the
    breach is not cured during such time period. Upon termination of this
    agreement or a license, Customer must discontinue using the Software, de-
    install and destroy or return the Software and all copies, within 5 days.
    Upon Scalr' request, Customer will provide written certification of such
    compliance.

9.  ANNUAL SUPPORT. Scalr’s annual technical support and maintenance services
(Support) is included with license purchases for the license period specified
in the Order.  Support is provided under the Support policies then in effect.
Scalr may change its Support terms, but Support will not materially degrade
during any Support term. More details on Support are located at
http://www.scalr.com/policies.

10. LIMIT ON LIABILITY. There may be situations in which (as a result of
material breach or other liability) Customer is entitled to make a claim
against Scalr.  In each situation (regardless of the form of the legal action
(e.g. contract or tort claims)), Scalr is not responsible for any damage and
does not have any liability beyond the greater of the amount paid or payable
by Customer to Scalr within the 12 months prior to the event that gave rise to
the claim. Even if it knows of the possibility of such damage or liability, in
no circumstance is Scalr responsible for any: loss of, or damage to, data or
information; lost profits, revenue, or productivity; or other special,
consequential, incidental or indirect damages.
 
11. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY INDEMNITY.

 a. Defense of Third Party Claims. Scalr will defend or settle any third party
    claim against Customer to the extent that such claim alleges that the
    Software violates a copyright, patent, trademark or other intellectual
    property right, if Customer, promptly notifies Scalr of the claim in
    writing, cooperates with Scalr in the defense, and allows Scalr to solely
    control the defense or settlement of the claim.  Costs. Scalr will pay
    infringement claim defense costs incurred as part of its obligations
    above, and Scalr negotiated settlement amounts, and court awarded damages.
    Process. If such a claim appears likely, then Scalr may modify the
    Software, procure the necessary rights, or replace it with the functional
    equivalent. If Scalr determines that none of these are reasonably
    available, then Scalr may terminate the Software and refund (as
    applicable) any prepaid and unused service and license fees.. Exclusions.
    Scalr has no obligation for any claim arising from: Scalr’s compliance
    with Customer’s specifications; a combination of the Software with other
    technology or aspects where the infringement would not occur but for the
    combination; or technology or aspects not provided by Scalr. THIS SECTION
    CONTAINS CUSTOMER’S EXCLUSIVE REMEDIES AND CMPY’S SOLE LIABILITY FOR
    INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY INFRINGEMENT CLAIMS.

12. GOVERNING LAW AND EXCLUSIVE FORUM. This agreement is governed by the laws
of the State of California (without regard to conflicts of law principles) for
any dispute between the parties or relating in any way to the subject matter
of this agreement.  Any suit or legal proceeding must be exclusively brought
in the federal or state courts for [county, state], and Customer submits to
this personal jurisdiction and venue.  Nothing in this agreement prevents
either party from seeking injunctive relief in a court of competent
jurisdiction.  The prevailing party in litigation is entitled to recover its
attorneys’ fees and costs from the other party.

13. OTHER TERMS. 

 a. Entire Agreement. This agreement and the Order constitute the entire
    agreement between the parties and supersede any prior or contemporaneous
    negotiations or agreements, whether oral or written, related to this
    subject matter.  Customer is not relying on any representation concerning
    this subject matter, oral or written, not included in this agreement. No
    representation, promise or inducement not included in this agreement is
    binding.

b.  Non-Assignment. Neither party may assign or transfer this agreement to a
    third party, nor delegate any duty, except that the agreement and all
    Orders may be assigned, without the consent of the other party, as part of
    a merger, or sale of all or substantially all of the business or assets,
    of a party.

 c. Open Source Software Licenses. The Software may contain embedded open
    source software components, which are provided as part of the Software and
    for which additional terms may be included in the technical documentation.

 d. Independent Contractors. The parties are independent contractors with
    respect to each other.

 e. Enforceability. If any term of this agreement is invalid or unenforceable,
    the other terms remain in effect.

 f. Survival of Terms. Any terms that by their nature survive termination of
    this agreement for a party to assert its rights and receive the
    protections of this agreement, will survive (including without limitation,
    the confidentiality terms). The UN Convention on Contracts for the
    International Sale of Goods does not apply.

 g. Compliance Audit.  No more than once in any 12-month period and upon at
    least 30 days advance notice, Scalr (or its representative) may audit
    Customer’s usage of the Software at any Customer facility. Customer will
    cooperate with such audit. Customer agrees to pay within 30 days of
    written notification any fees applicable to Customer’s use of the Software
    in excess of the license.

 h. Modification Only in Writing. No modification or waiver of any term of
    this agreement is effective unless signed by both parties.

 i. Export Compliance. Customer must comply with all applicable export control
    laws of the United States, foreign jurisdictions and other applicable laws
    and regulations.

 j. US GOVERNMENT RESTRICTED RIGHTS. If Customer is a United States government
    agency or acquired the license to the Software hereunder pursuant to a
    government contract or with government funds, then as defined in FAR
    §2.101, DFAR §252.227-7014(a)(1) and DFAR §252.227-7014(a)(5) or
    otherwise, all Software provided in connection with this agreement are
    “commercial items,” “commercial computer software” or “commercial computer
    software documentation.” Consistent with DFAR §227.7202 and FAR §12.212,
    any use, modification, reproduction, release, performance, display,
    disclosure or distribution by or for the United States government is
    governed solely by the terms of this agreement and is prohibited except to
    the extent permitted by the terms of this agreement.

 k. No PO Terms. Scalr rejects additional or conflicting terms of a Customer’s
    form-purchasing document.

Ver. July 31, 2017
